Add glossary entry for “Quantity” (#39014)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/Quantity.md

---
title: Quantity
id: quantity
date: 2023-01-24
short_description: >

>  Quantity refers to a special notation which are portable across machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Quantity refers to a special notation that is portable across machines. 
```

Reviewer 2: Imo, I disagree that quantity is a "special" notation
Let's start with the comments that describes the Quantity struct
"Quantity is a fixed-point representation of a number"
The comments in [quantity.go](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/staging/src/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/api/resource/quantity.go) describes quantity in great detail but may not be "user-friendly" enough for kubernetes.io but it's a good place to start

aka: 
tags:
- fundamental
---

> Quantity describes how much of a resource, like CPU or memory, is allotted to a Pod where a container is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantity describes how much of a resource, like CPU or memory, is allocated to a Pod in which a container is running.
```

> For example, a pod may be allocated 1 CPU core and 2 gigabytes of memory, which would be specified as "1 CPU" and "2Gi" for the respective resources. These quantities are used by the [Kubernetes scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/) to determine which nodes have the available resources to run a pod, and to ensure that pods do not consume more resources than they are allocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a pod may be allocated 1 CPU core and 2 gigabytes of memory, which would be specified as "1 CPU" and "2Gi" for its respective resources. These quantities are used by the [Kubernetes scheduler](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/) to determine which nodes have the available resources to run a pod, and to ensure that pods do not consume more resources than they are allocated.
```
- Mention what resources are you talking about as well. 
- Also, I'm unsure of 'which quantities' are you mentioning about as a reader.
- You can take some references from [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/)
  as well.

Author: As said in first line ``resources like cpu and memory.``
I have added quantitites definition 
I dont understand how [this](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) can be helpful. 
Regarding the text: you have suggested major changes. if I will try to add new things or update. It will be hard for beginners to get the idea. WDYT?

Reviewer: sorry! Here's the correct [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) you can take some reference from.

---
title: Quantity
id: quantity
date: 2023-01-24
short_description: >

>  Quantity contains GB and GiB. 

Reviewer: How is the content in `short_descripton` related? I don't think this is how we'd like to see it.

Author: okay, can you please suggest me to add something here?

aka: 
tags:
- fundamental
---

> "Quantity" refers to a specific amount of a resource, such as CPU or memory, that is allocated to a container or pod. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantity refers to a specific amount of a resource, such as CPU or memory, that is allocated to a Pod in which a container is running. 
```
Taking reference from [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-italics-to-define-or-introduce-new-terms)

> Quantity refers to a specific amount of a resource, such as CPU or memory, that is allocated to a Pod in which a container is running. 

Reviewer 3: Hi, this isn't right.

Have a look at (but _don't_ plagiarize) the callout **Hold up, what's a Quantity?** in https://book.kubebuilder.io/cronjob-tutorial/api-design.html

Reviewer 3: A Quantity represents a [dimensionless](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimensionless_quantity) number (the field name should say what it's a quantity of).

Author: I got your point but I dont understand why you dont want me to plagiarize?   this documentation is written in a simple and easy words. I dont think my sentence would be that much clear. WDYT?

Author: Should I remove the **specific** from that?

Reviewer: Try to write in your own words rather than completely copy-paste. You can take a reference from the resources @sftim has shared above.

Author: got it.

> For example, a pod may be allocated 1 CPU core and 2 gigabytes of memory, which would be specified as "1 CPU" and "2Gi" for the respective resources. These quantities are used by the Kubernetes scheduler to determine which nodes have the available resources to run a pod, and to ensure that pods do not consume more resources than they are allocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a pod may be allocated 1 CPU core and 2 Gigabytes of memory, which would be specified as "1 CPU" and "2Gi" for the respective resources. These quantities are used by the Kubernetes scheduler to determine which nodes have the available resources to run a pod, and to ensure that pods do not consume more resources than they are allocated.
```

I feel like this text could be improved a lot. If we're mentioning about the use of scheduler, it'd be good if we can provide a reference link for the users to go through [docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/) for in-depth information. WDYT?

Author: great idea, will add that?

Reviewer: This is not implemented.

> 

Reviewer: This is blank. Do you plan to add more content to it yet?

---
title: Quantity

> id: Qty

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
id: quantity
```

Also, change the _file name_ to be lower case.

date: 2023-01-24

> full_link: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/

Reviewer 3: There is no page about the quantity concept, so:
```suggestion
```

Author: do you prefer any other link or i should just remove this.

short_description: >

>  Quantity contains GB and GiB unit. 

Reviewer 3: This is misleading. Don't mention specific prefixes.

Author: so i need to remove "unit' right?

Reviewer 2: I believe the suggestion is to remove the short description at its current state as it is misleading

> GiB: Gibibyte 
> GB: Gigabyte.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Those extra keys aren't useful.

aka: 
tags:

> - user-type

Reviewer 3: This is the wrong tag I'm afraid; a quantity _isn't_ a type of user.

Author: sorry, I just copied the format of other file. and forgot to change it. btw which type should I place.

---

> 

Reviewer 3: You need to write the text for the glossary entry @Sajiyah-Salat

Author: I will try to add.

---
title: Quantity
id: Qty
date: 2023-01-24
full_link: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/
short_description: >
 Quantity contains GB and GiB unit. 

> GiB: Gibibyte 

Author: I have added these extra blocks for more clarity. if we need to follow the strict yaml pattern as used in other file i can change it like that. Also the reference link that is added is by the approval of @sftim in the issue section. Thank you.
